{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16840\viewh14480\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs58 \cf0 IWA Group Project
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f0\i\b\fs30 Deadline
\f1\i0\b0\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 Friday, 21 March, at 23:5\

\b\fs50 \
Introduction
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 The group project is your chance to develop your own intelligent web application.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 You are to hand in the following:
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs30 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}A report\
{\listtext	\'95	}Your code\
{\listtext	\'95	}A link to a working version of your application (if possible)
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs30 \cf0 The 
\b deadline 
\b0 is Friday, 21 March, at 23:59 \
\
\

\b\fs50 Requirements
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 The requirements for the group project are as follows:
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\fs30 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}use an RDF store.\
{\listtext	\'95	}use Semantic Web reasoning (RDFS, OWL) in your RDF store, to generate new information.\
{\listtext	\'95	}integrate at least 
\b three 
\b0 data sources.\
{\listtext	\'95	}present the integrated information in interesting, innovative and cool ways.\
{\listtext	\'95	}interact with 
\b at least one 
\b0 remote SPARQL endpoint (in addition to your local RDF store)\
{\listtext	\'95	}interact with 
\b at least one 
\b0 non RDF Web service.\
{\listtext	\'95	}write a report about it.\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs38 \cf0 Report
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs30 \cf0 Your report should give an adequate description of your project, including but not limited to:
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\fs30 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}the goal of the application (what does it aim to do, and why is this useful?)\
{\listtext	\'95	}the datasets and services used by the application\
{\listtext	\'95	}the functionality of the application (what things does the application do, what is a typical workflow)
\f1\fs24 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\fs30 {\listtext	\'95	}the inferencing used by the application (it helps if you give a concrete example)\
{\listtext	\'95	}any other considerations you had during the design and implementation (what worked, what didn't work, what motivated your decision to go for a particular solution)
\f1\fs24 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\fs30 {\listtext	\'95	}any future plans you may have (what would you like to add if you had the time?)\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs30 \cf0 In our experience, good reports are about 10 pages long. However, there is no strict page limit. Remember, more is not necessarily better, and less probably means that you haven't covered the subject in sufficient detail.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 It usually helps if you picture the reader to be a fellow student: what does he/she need to know to understand what you've done?
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\b\fs50 \
Assessment
\f1\b0\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 The project will be assessed during a 30 minute interview on 
\b Wednesday, March 26th 
\b0 (we will schedule sessions on another day for those who cannot make it due to other exam obligations).
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs30 \
Things we will grade the project on:
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0\fs30 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}the way in which you present the result to us during the interview. \
{\listtext	\'95	}the functionality of the application you created.\
{\listtext	\'95	}the user interface.\
{\listtext	\'95	}the quality and scope of data integration.
\f1\fs24 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0\fs30 {\listtext	\'95	}the validity and scope of the inference rules you define. \
{\listtext	\'95	}the quality of your final report.
\f1\fs24 \
}